# CPlusPlus-Program-
In this project we were assigned to build a clock that we could set our own time and then add hours, minutes, and seconds.  The clock also had to display both twelve hour and twenty-four-hour clocks.  This gave us several challenges we had to overcome. First was we had to build a menu.  Then we had to make the clock needed to keep track of AM and PM while it still ran to the from thirteen to twenty-four hour.  The second issue I came across was the twenty-four-hour clock goes from 24:00:00 and then 00:01:00 but still maintain 12:00:00 AM on the twelve-hour clock. I also added a boarder around the two clocks just to make them look better.  
	When building the menu, I decided to go with a switch as I could use it both give certain choices as well as validate the user input to make and I feel is easier to read in the code.  I also put this in the main function in hindsight I think I should have built another up my menu function a little bit more and just had it call the function to keep user input out of the main function.
	When I built the user input functions to get the initial time, I built each one as its own function to once again to make the code more readable and to make setting the time not as complicated with having setup functions.  
	Once I could set the time, I moved on to building the functions to change the time so we could simulate the “ticking” of the clock.  I had several issues to overcome here, and I feel that is where I spent most of my time troubleshooting my code.  I first started out making my second go and roll back to zero.  I did this with an if statement that sent it back to zero, I could then use these two lines of code in the minute and hour functions changing the values accordingly.
	Once I had the twenty-four-hour clock running the way I wanted I then had to build make the 12-hour clock work, I thought that building the 24-hour clock and then using that to run the 12-hour clock would be simpler than doing the opposite and it would have required more if statements and dealing with strings as opposed to integers.  It still took a few “if” and “else if” statements but it wasn’t too terrible, I think this is where I probably spent the most time trying to debug the program as once I did this the “ticking” got a little weird especially at midnight, it required me to make quiet a few changes as it would do tick over but I kept adjusting the values in my if else statements until it finally worked the way I wanted it to.
	I then had to display the clocks with leading zeros, I just used the “setw()“ and “setfil()”  function to achieve this. This is also when I implemented the border function to divide everything up and help the readability for the users.  
	I think I performed well on this project, but I also feel that further I went into this class there are some improvements I could make.  I feel that my implementation of a switch case inside of a while loop to run the program was a good choice and then using a Boolean variable that would change if the menu option was selected.  I feel that this was also me trying to control and validate user input, because if I did not have a case built it would flow into the default case and then start the loop again. 
	As for future improvements I could make, I think I could make this object-oriented by building a class for the time having the and pulling many of my functions out of the main and into header and class files.  Doing this would increase readability and further modularize the program for future changes.
	This project taught me many things, that flow charts and pseudocode are important parts of building a program, I should have taken that to the next project that was a bit more complicated than this one.  It also helped me learn how to break problems down into smaller segments and tackle each one individually and that sometimes the simple things are more complicated than they seem and really can be broken down even further into simpler components.

